added preprocessing steps to dis_013 readme (#561)
resource-watch/nrt-scripts: dis_013_volcano_eruptions/README.md

## Volcano Eruptions Dataset Near Real-time Script
This file describes the near real-time script that retrieves and processes the [Volcanoes of the World Database - Eruptions dataset](http://volcano.si.edu/search_eruption.cfm) for [display on Resource Watch](https://resourcewatch.org/data/explore/dis013-Volcanoes-CSV).

> This dataset was provided by the source as a XML file. This XML was first converted into a JSON and then transformed into a table so that it could be uploaded to Carto. In order to transform the data from the JSON to the data table used by Resource Watch, the following changes were made:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This dataset was provided by the source as a XML file. This XML was first converted into a JSON and then transformed into a table so that it could be uploaded to Carto. The 'GeoLocation' was used to create the geometry shown on Resource Watch.
```

> - The '{volcano.si.edu}GeoLocation' variable from the '{volcano.si.edu}Smithsonian_VOTW_Holocene_Eruptions' feature of the JSON was used to create the geometry shown on Resource Watch.

Reviewer: I think it is more valuable for the readmes to be readable than for them to be really specific. Simplifying and moving this up, since this is the only real change we made to the data.
```suggestion
```

> - A unique ID for each event was created using the '{volcano.si.edu}Eruption_Number' variable of the '{volcano.si.edu}Smithsonian_VOTW_Holocene_Eruptions' feature of the JSON. This was stored in a new column called 'Eruption_Number'.

Reviewer: Since we didn't change the name of the column or transform it, I'm removing this. The fact that is is designated as a uid is only apparent to us trying to upload duplicate data, but wouldn't change the way a RW user would see the table.
```suggestion
```

> The data shown on Resource Watch can be found in the 'Volcano_Name' variable of the '{volcano.si.edu}Smithsonian_VOTW_Holocene_Eruptions' feature of the JSON.

Reviewer: We aren't visualizing the name in any way. We are just showing the point locations of the eruptions.
```suggestion
```
